# EVE Online Order Book

## Description

The EVE Online Order Book is a simple console application designed to analyze market export files generated by the game. Whenever a player exports market data from EVE Online, this application automatically reads the exported file to identify the best buy and sell orders for a particular item. It then calculates the potential profit and profit margin of a trading deal based on these orders.

## Features

- Automatically reads exported market data files from EVE Online.
- Identifies the best buy and sell orders for a specific item.
- Calculates the potential profit and profit margin of a trading deal.
- Displays results in a text-based table format for easy readability.

## Configuration

The application can be configured via the `config.json` file in the same directory as the executable. The configuration file should have the following structure:

```json
{
  "StationId": "60003760", // "60003760" for Jita IV - Moon 4 CNAP
  "BuyBrokerFee": 3.00,
  "SellBrokerFee": 3.00,
  "SellTax": 8.00,
  "HelpMessageFormat": "full" // full, short, hide
}
```

- `StationId`: The unique identifier for the trading station in EVE Online ("60003760" for Jita IV - Moon 4 CNAP).
- `BuyBrokerFee`: The broker fee percentage applied when placing buy orders.
- `SellBrokerFee`: The broker fee percentage applied when placing sell orders.
- `SellTax`: The tax percentage applied when selling items on the market.
- `HelpMessageFormat`: The format of the welcome help message.

## Usage

1. Ensure the `Config.json` file is present and properly configured with your EVE Online market settings.
2. Run the executable.
3. The program will start monitoring the market logs and display profit margin information in real-time.
4. Keep the window above others using third-party software such as 'Always On Top' from Microsoft PowerToys, for example.
5. Close the terminal or press Ctrl+C to exit the program.

## Example Output

```text
Top order, 1 quantity
--------------------------------------
         |          Buy |         Sell
--------------------------------------
   Price |    1,04m ISK |    1,47m ISK
   Total |    1,04m ISK |    1,39m ISK
--------------------------------------
  Profit |  346,53k ISK |
  Margin |       33,19% |
```

## Contributions

While contributions to this project are always appreciated, please note that support may be limited due to the maintainer's availability.

## License

This project is licensed under the [MIT License](LICENSE). Feel free to modify and distribute it according to your needs.
